ready for review (#66)
rstudio/tensorflow-blog: _posts/2019-12-20-differential-privacy/differential_privacy.Rmd

---
title: "Differential Privacy with TensorFlow"
description: > 

>  Differential Privacy guarantees that results obtained from querying a database are basically independent of the presence in the data of a single individual. Applied to machine learning, we expect that no single training example influences the parameters of the trained model in a substantial way. This post introduces TensorFlow Privacy, a library built on top of TensorFlow, that can be used to train differentially private deep learning models from R.

Reviewer: Could the first part of that first sentence work as "the results of a database query..."?
I'm not sure how much is mitigating language by choice vs. by definition.

Author: oh, sure! will change

 
author:
  - name: Sigrid Keydana
    affiliation: RStudio
    affiliation_url: https://www.rstudio.com/
slug: keydana2019diffpriv
bibliography: bibliography.bib
date: 12-20-2019
categories:
  - Security
  - Keras
  - Time Series
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
preview: images/cat.png
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE, eval = FALSE)
```

What could be treacherous about summary statistics? 

> The famous _cat overweight_ study (X. et al., 2019) showed that as of May 1st, 2019, 32 of 101 domestic cats held in Y., a cozy Bavarian village, were overweight. Even though I'd be curious to determine if my aunt G.'s cat (a happy resident of that village) has been fed too many treats and has accumulated some excess pounds, from the results reported in that study I can't know.

Reviewer: > from the results reported in that study I can't know.

Maybe flip this line? "I can't determine that based on the results of the study."
(And then I suggest you change the earlier determine to "know" so it's not repetitive—also, I like having the informal language with your curiosity, and the more formal with the part referencing the study. 🙂 )

Author: makes sense! will change

Author: actually, found  yet sth else: "the study results don't tell."

> The famous _cat overweight_ study (X. et al., 2019) showed that as of May 1st, 2019, 32 of 101 domestic cats held in Y., a cozy Bavarian village, were overweight. Even though I'd be curious to determine if my aunt G.'s cat (a happy resident of that village) has been fed too many treats and has accumulated some excess pounds, from the results reported in that study I can't know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The famous _cat overweight_ study (X. et al., 2019) showed that as of May 1st, 2019, 32 of 101 domestic cats held in Y., a cozy Bavarian village, were overweight. Even though I'd be curious to know if my aunt G.'s cat (a happy resident of that village) has been fed too many treats and has accumulated some excess pounds, this can't be determined based on the results of the study.
```

> Then, six months later, out comes a new study, ambitious to earn scientific fame. The authors report that of 100 cats living in Y., 50 are striped, 31 are black, and the rest are white; the 31 black ones are all overweight. Now, I happen to know that with one exception, no new cat joined the community, and no cat left. _But_, my aunt moved away to town, to a retirement home, chosen of course for the possibility to bring one's cat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, six months later, out comes a new study, ambitious to earn scientific fame. The authors report that of 100 cats living in Y., 50 are striped, 31 are black, and the rest are white; the 31 black ones are all overweight. Now, I happen to know that, with one exception, no new cats joined the community, and no cats left. _But_, my aunt moved away from town to a retirement home, chosen of course for the possibility to bring one's cat.
```

Reviewer: Not sure why, but we tend to use the plural when speaking of hypothetical quantities. 

Is your aunt in the same town in this scenario? If yes, I'd simplify that last line to:
"_But_, my aunt moved to a retirement home, chosen of course for the possibility to bring one's cat.

Reviewer: ^^ I now understand that the answer to my question above is no — took me a second. (>ლ) I'm changing "to town" to "from town" since it makes it less ambiguous.

Author: oh i see, if the language makes you think there's something wrong... I'll just remove that town thing completely, retirement home should be enough :-)

What have I just learned? My aunt's cat is overweight. (Or was, at least, before they moved to the retirement home.)

> Even though none of the studies reported anything but summary statistics, I was able to infer individual-level facts, by connecting both studies and adding in another piece of information I had access to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though none of the studies reported anything but summary statistics, I was able to infer individual-level facts by connecting both studies and adding in another piece of information I had access to. 
```

In reality, mechanisms like the above -- technically called _linkage_ -- have been shown to lead to privacy breaches many times, thus defeating the purpose of _database anonymization_ seen as a panacea in many organizations. A more promising alternative is offered by the concept of _differential privacy_.

## Differential Privacy

In differential privacy (DP)^[We'll be using DP as an acronym for both the noun phrase "differential privacy" and the adjective phrase "differentially private".][@Dwork2006], privacy is not a property of what's in the database; it's a property of how query results are delivered. 

> Intuitively paraphrasing results from a domain where results are communicated as theorems and proofs [@dwork2006differential][@Dwork], the only achievable (in a lossy but quantifiable way) objective is that from queries to a database, nothing more should be learned about an individual in that database than if they hadn't been in there at all.[@primer] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paraphrasing results from a domain where results are communicated as theorems and proofs [@dwork2006differential][@Dwork], the only achievable (in a lossy but quantifiable way) objective is that from queries to a database, nothing more should be learned about an individual in that database than if they hadn't been in there at all.[@primer] 
```

Reviewer: I don't think intuitively adds to what you're saying here, so I killed it. 😬

> What this statement does is caution against overly high expectations: Even if query results are reported in a DP way (we'll see how that goes in a second), they enable some probabilistic inferences about individuals in the respective population. (Otherwise, why conduct studies at all.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What this statement does is caution against overly high expectations: Even if query results are reported in a DP way (we'll see how that goes in a second), they enable some probabilistic inferences about individuals in the respective population. (Otherwise, why conduct studies at all?)
```

So how is DP being achieved? The main ingredient is _noise_ added to the results of a query. In the above cat example, instead of exact numbers we'd report approximate ones: "Of ~ 100 cats living in Y, about 30 are overweight...". If this is done for both of the above studies, no inference will be possible about aunt G.'s cat.

Even with random noise added to query results though, answers to _repeated_ queries will leak information. So in reality, there is a _privacy budget_ that can be tracked, and may be used up in the course of consecutive queries.

This is reflected in the formal definition of DP. The idea is that queries to two databases differing in at most one element should give basically the same result. Put formally [@dwork2006differential]:

> A randomized function $\mathcal{K}$ gives $\epsilon$ -differential privacy if for all data sets D1 and D2 differing on at most one element, and all $S \subseteq Range(K)$, 

> $Pr[\mathcal{K}(D1)\in S] \leq exp(\epsilon) × Pr[K(D2) \in S]$

This $\epsilon$ -differential privacy is additive: If one query is $\epsilon$-DP at a value of 0.01, and another one at 0.03, together they will be 0.04 $\epsilon$-differentially private.

> If $\epsilon$-DP is to be achieved via adding noise, how exactly should this be done? Here, several mechanisms exist; the basic, intuitively plausible principle though is that the amount of noise should be calibrated to the target function's sensitivity, defined as the maximum $l1$ norm of the difference of function values computed on all pairs of datasets differing in a single example.

Author: makes sense, adding :-)

> If $\epsilon$-DP is to be achieved via adding noise, how exactly should this be done? Here, several mechanisms exist; the basic, intuitively plausible principle though is that the amount of noise should be calibrated to the target function's sensitivity, defined as the maximum $l1$ norm of the difference of function values computed on all pairs of datasets differing in a single example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If $\epsilon$-DP is to be achieved via adding noise, how exactly should this be done? Here, several mechanisms exist; the basic, intuitively plausible principle, though, is that the amount of noise should be calibrated to the target function's sensitivity, defined as the maximum $l1$ norm of the difference of function values computed on all pairs of datasets differing in a single example.
```

So far, we've been talking about databases and datasets. How does this apply to machine and/or deep learning? 

## TensorFlow Privacy

> Applying DP to deep learning, we want a model's parameters to wind up "essentially the same" whether trained on a dataset including that cute little kitty or not. TensorFlow (TF) Privacy [@abaditfp], a library built on top of TF, makes it easy on users to add privacy guarantees to their models -- easy, that is, from a technical point of view. (As with life overall, the hard decisions on _how much_ of an asset we should be reaching for, and how to trade off one asset (here: privacy) with another (here: model performance), remain to be taken by each of us ourselves.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying DP to deep learning, we want a model's parameters to wind up "essentially the same" whether trained on a dataset including that cute little kitty or not. TensorFlow (TF) Privacy [@abaditfp], a library built on top of TF, makes it easy for users to add privacy guarantees to their models -- easy, that is, from a technical point of view. (As with life overall, the hard decisions on _how much_ of an asset we should be reaching for, and how to trade off one asset (here: privacy) with another (here: model performance), remain to be taken by each of us ourselves.)
```

Reviewer: Changed "easy on users" to "easy for users" (IDK why it doesn't show up in the diff).

With this data, it's easy to imagine a bunch of interesting data-analysis questions; however here our focus is on differential privacy, so we'll keep the setup simple. We will try to predict heart rate given the physiological measurements from one of the two devices, Empatica E4. Also, we'll zoom in on a single subject, _S1_, who will provide us with 4603 instances of two-second heart rate values. ^[Relative files per subject are 1.4G in size.]

As usual, we start with the required libraries; unusually though, as of this writing we need to disable version 2 behavior in TensorFlow, as TensorFlow Privacy does not yet fully work with TF 2. (Hopefully, for many future readers, this won't be the case anymore.)
Note how TF Privacy -- a Python library -- is imported via `reticulate`.

```{r}
library(tensorflow)
tf$compat$v1$disable_v2_behavior()

library(keras)
library(tfdatasets)
library(tfautograph)

library(purrr)

library(reticulate)
# if you haven't yet, install TF Privacy, e.g. using reticulate:
# py_install("tensorflow_privacy")
priv <- import("tensorflow_privacy")
```

> From the downloaded archive, we just need `S1.pkl`, saved in a [native Python serialization format](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/pickle.html), yet nicely loadable using `reticulate`:

Reviewer 2: Understanding that the focus of this blog post is DP and not data ingest... is there a CSV version of the data? If it's not too much work to start from a CSV I think you'd be able to relate to a lot more R users.

Author: I see, but on the other hand:

- It also makes sense to show we can handle inconvenient file formats found "in the wild"
- we want to show tfdatasets pipelines as _the_ way to do preprocessing for DL, if possible
- especially for that topic of transforming to `timesteps`, I think that once one has understood how to do this with `dataset_window` it's actually the easiest way (ok, rephrasing: once one has an example to copy-paste :-)) - myself, for example, I'll definitely stick to this way now that I've found out ;-))

BUT, I do think you might be writing this having some other project in mind. There, it will definitely be a thing to consider, and we should discuss the target group thing in more detail next month.

```{r}
s1 <- py_load_object("PPG_FieldStudy/S1/S1.pkl", encoding = "latin1")
```

`s1` points to an R list comprising elements of different length -- the various physical/physiological signals have been sampled with different frequencies:

```{r}
### predictors ###

# accelerometer data - sampling freq. 32 Hz
# also note that these are 3 "columns", for each of x, y, and z axes
s1$signal$wrist$ACC %>% nrow() # 294784
# PPG data - sampling freq. 64 Hz
s1$signal$wrist$BVP %>% nrow() # 589568
# electrodermal activity data - sampling freq. 4 Hz
s1$signal$wrist$EDA %>% nrow() # 36848
# body temperature data - sampling freq. 4 Hz
s1$signal$wrist$TEMP %>% nrow() # 36848

### target ###

# EKG data - provided in already averaged form, at frequency 0.5 Hz
s1$label %>% nrow() # 4603
```

In light of the different sampling frequencies, our `tfdatasets` pipeline will have do some moving averaging, paralleling that applied to construct the ground truth data.

## Preprocessing pipeline

> As every "column" ^[For convenience, we take the liberty to talk as if we had the usual rectangular data here.] is of different length and resolution, we build up the final _dataset_ piece-by-piece.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As each "column" ^[For convenience, we take the liberty to talk as if we had the usual rectangular data here.] is of a different length and resolution, we build up the final _dataset_ piece-by-piece.
```

The following function serves two purposes:

1. compute running averages over differently sized windows, thus downsampling to 0.5Hz for every modality
2. transform the data to the `(num_timesteps, num_features)` format that will be required by the 1d-convnet we're going to use soon

```{r}
average_and_make_sequences <-
  function(data, window_size_avg, num_timesteps) {

>     data %>% tf$cast(tf$float32) %>%

Reviewer 2: Consider one pipe per line

Author: right, changing...

>     data %>% tf$cast(tf$float32) %>%

Reviewer 2: Somewhat off-topic, do you think it's acceptable style to use `k_` functions where available to avoid `$`? E.g. `k_cast()` instead of `tf$cast()`.

Author: yeah you may be right, it probably is preferred style-wise (?)
I think I got "spoiled" by the TFP applications not involving `keras`, so I tend to automatically use `tf$` style sometimes...
Changing.

      dataset_window(window_size_avg) %>%
      dataset_flat_map(function (x)
        x$batch(as.integer(window_size_avg), drop_remainder = TRUE)) %>%
      dataset_map(function(x)
        tf$reduce_mean(x, axis = 0L)) %>%
      # use dataset_window to create a "timesteps" dimension with length num_timesteps)
      dataset_window(num_timesteps, shift = 1) %>%
      dataset_flat_map(function(x)
        x$batch(as.integer(num_timesteps), drop_remainder = TRUE))
  }
```

We'll call this function for every column separately. Not all columns are exactly the same length (in terms of time), thus it's safest to cut off individual observations that surpass a common length (dictated by the target variable):

```{r}
label <- s1$label %>% matrix() # 4603 observations, each spanning 2 secs
n_total <- 4603 # keep track of this

# keep matching numbers of observations of predictors
acc <- s1$signal$wrist$ACC[1:(n_total * 64), ] # 32 Hz, 3 columns
bvp <- s1$signal$wrist$BVP[1:(n_total * 128)] %>% matrix() # 64 Hz
eda <- s1$signal$wrist$EDA[1:(n_total * 8)] %>% matrix() # 4 Hz
temp <- s1$signal$wrist$TEMP[1:(n_total * 8)] %>% matrix() # 4 Hz
```

> Some more housekeeping. Both training and the test set need to have a `timesteps` dimension, as usual with architectures that work on sequential data (1-d convnets and RNNs). To make sure there is no overlap between respective `timesteps`, we split the data "up front" and assemble both sets separately. We'll use the first 4000 observations for training.

Reviewer 2: I think a line chart somewhere of some of these sequential predictors would be helpful in getting oriented.

Author: I think I'll skip this one, as probably the dataset related content is on the verge of distracting too much from the main topic already...

> Some more housekeeping. Both training and the test set need to have a `timesteps` dimension, as usual with architectures that work on sequential data (1-d convnets and RNNs). To make sure there is no overlap between respective `timesteps`, we split the data "up front" and assemble both sets separately. We'll use the first 4000 observations for training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some more housekeeping: Both the training and the test sets need to have a `timesteps` dimension, as usual with architectures that work on sequential data (1-d convnets and RNNs). To make sure there is no overlap between respective `timesteps`, we split the data "up front" and assemble both sets separately. We'll use the first 4000 observations for training.
```

# all predictors
x_train <- zip_datasets(acc_train, bvp_train, eda_train, temp_train) %>%
  dataset_map(function(...)
    tf$concat(list(...), axis = 1L))

x_test <- zip_datasets(acc_test, bvp_test, eda_test, temp_test) %>%
  dataset_map(function(...)
    tf$concat(list(...), axis = 1L))
```

On the ground truth side, as alluded to before, we leave out the first eleven values in each case: 

```{r}
y_train <- tensor_slices_dataset(label[num_timesteps:train_max] %>% tf$cast(tf$float32))

y_test <- tensor_slices_dataset(label[(train_max + num_timesteps):nrow(label)] %>% tf$cast(tf$float32))

```

Zip predictors and targets together, configure shuffling/batching, and the datasets are complete:

```{r}
ds_train <- zip_datasets(x_train, y_train)
ds_test <- zip_datasets(x_test, y_test)

batch_size <- 32

ds_train <- ds_train %>% 
  dataset_shuffle(n_train) %>%
  # dataset_repeat is needed because of pre-TF 2 style
  # hopefully at a later time, the code can run eagerly and this is no longer needed
  dataset_repeat() %>%
  dataset_batch(batch_size, drop_remainder = TRUE)

ds_test <- ds_test %>%
  # see above reg. dataset_repeat
  dataset_repeat() %>%
  dataset_batch(batch_size)

```

> With data manipulations as complicated as the above, it's always worthwhile checking some pipeline outputs. We can do that using the usual `reticulate::as_iterator` magic, provided that for this test run, we _don't_ disable V2 behavior. (Just restart the R session between a "pipeline checking" and the later modeling runs.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With data manipulations as complicated as the above, it's always worthwhile to check some pipeline outputs. We can do that using the usual `reticulate::as_iterator` magic, provided that for this test run, we _don't_ disable TF V2 behavior. (Just restart the R session between a "pipeline checking" and the later modeling runs.)
```

Reviewer: Added the TF, since there's plenty the reader's holding in their brains between the previous discussion of it and now!

Here, in any case, would be the relevant code:

```{r}

> # this piece needs TF 2 behavior enabled

Reviewer 2: What's the incantation to enable this behavior?

Author: right, I'll make this more explicit

iter <- as_iterator(ds_test) # or any other dataset you want to check
while (TRUE) {
 item <- iter_next(iter)
 if (is.null(item)) break
 print(item)
}
```

> With that we're ready to create the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that, we're ready to create the model.
```

## Model

> The model will be a rather simple convnet. The main difference between standard and DP training lies in the optimization procedure; thus, it's straightforward to first establish a non-DP baseline. Later, when switching to DP, we'll be able to reuse almost everything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model will be a rather simple convnet. The main difference between standard and DP training lies in the optimization procedure. Thus, it's straightforward to first establish a non-DP baseline. Later, when switching to DP, we'll be able to reuse almost everything.
```

Reviewer: I love a good semicolon as much as anyone, but I think the first part of that sentence is sufficiently important that it should stand on its own.

```{r}
model <- keras_model_sequential() %>%
  layer_conv_1d(
      filters = 32,
      kernel_size = 3,
      activation = "relu"
    ) %>%
  layer_batch_normalization() %>%
  layer_conv_1d(
      filters = 64,
      kernel_size = 5,
      activation = "relu"
    ) %>%
  layer_batch_normalization() %>%
  layer_conv_1d(
      filters = 128,
      kernel_size = 5,
      activation = "relu"
    ) %>%
  layer_batch_normalization() %>%
  layer_global_average_pooling_1d() %>%
  layer_dense(units = 128, activation = "relu") %>%
  layer_dense(units = 1)
```

We train the model with mean squared error loss. 

```{r}
optimizer <- optimizer_adam()
model %>% compile(loss = "mse", optimizer = optimizer, metrics = metric_mean_absolute_error)

num_epochs <- 20
history <- model %>% fit(
  ds_train, 
  steps_per_epoch = n_train/batch_size,
  validation_data = ds_test,
  epochs = num_epochs,
  validation_steps = n_test/batch_size)
```

## Baseline results

After 20 epochs, mean absolute error is around 6 bpm: 

```{r, eval=TRUE, echo=FALSE, layout="l-body-outset", fig.cap = "Training history without differential privacy."}
knitr::include_graphics("images/baseline.png")
```

> Just to put this in context, the MAE reported for subject S1 in the paper[@ReissISL19] -- based on a higher-capacity network, extensive hyperparameter tuning, and naturally, training on the complete dataset -- amounts to 8.45 bpm on average; so our setup seems to be sound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put this in context, the MAE reported for subject S1 in the paper[@ReissISL19] -- based on a higher-capacity network, extensive hyperparameter tuning, and naturally, training on the complete dataset -- amounts to 8.45 bpm on average. So, our setup seems to be sound.
```

Reviewer: I've been trying to get rid of "just"s in my writing of late (turns out I use it _a lot_).

Now we'll make this differentially private.

## DP training

> Instead of plain `Adam`, we use the corresponding TF Privacy wrapper, `DPAdamGaussianOptimizer`.

Reviewer: I had to <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>f</kbd> to figure out who Adam was 😂! I'm guessing this is something most readers will be familiar with, but it couldn't hurt to add "the plain `Adam` optimizer," or something of the like.

Author: true dat ;-)))

We need to tell it how aggressive gradient clipping should be (`l2_norm_clip`) and how much noise to add (`noise_multiplier`). Furthermore, we define the learning rate (there is no default), going for 10 times the default `0.001` based on initial experiments.

> There is an additional parameter, `num_microbatches`, that could be used to speed up training [@abs181206210], but as training duration is not an issue here we just set it equal to `batch_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an additional parameter, `num_microbatches`, that could be used to speed up training [@abs181206210], but, as training duration is not an issue here, we just set it equal to `batch_size`.
```

Calling that [script](https://github.com/tensorflow/privacy/blob/master/tensorflow_privacy/privacy/analysis/compute_dp_sgd_privacy.py), and assuming we train for 20 epochs here as well, 

```{python}
python compute_dp_sgd_privacy.py --N=3989 --batch_size=32 --noise_multiplier=1.1 --epochs=20
```

this is what we get back:

```
DP-SGD with sampling rate = 0.802% and noise_multiplier = 1.1 iterated over
2494 steps satisfies differential privacy with eps = 2.73 and delta = 1e-06.
```

How good is a value of 2.73? Citing the [TF Privacy authors](https://github.com/tensorflow/privacy/tree/master/tutorials):

> $\epsilon$ gives a ceiling on how much the probability of a particular output can increase by including (or removing) a single training example. We usually want it to be a small constant (less than 10, or, for more stringent privacy guarantees, less than 1). However, this is only an upper bound, and a large value of epsilon may still mean good practical privacy.

> Obviously, choice of $\epsilon$ is a (challenging) topic by itself, and not something we can elaborate on in a post dedicated to the technical aspects of DP with TensorFlow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obviously, choice of $\epsilon$ is a (challenging) topic unto itself, and not something we can elaborate on in a post dedicated to the technical aspects of DP with TensorFlow.
```

Author: "unto itself" ... need to keep that in mind (wasn't aware of)

How would $\epsilon$ change if we trained for 50 epochs instead? (This is actually what we'll do, seeing that training results on the test set tend to jump around quite a bit.)

```{python}
python compute_dp_sgd_privacy.py --N=3989 --batch_size=32 --noise_multiplier=1.1 --epochs=60
```

```
DP-SGD with sampling rate = 0.802% and noise_multiplier = 1.1 iterated over
6233 steps satisfies differential privacy with eps = 4.25 and delta = 1e-06.
```
Having talked about its parameters, now let's define the DP optimizer:

```{r}
l2_norm_clip <- 1
noise_multiplier <- 1.1
num_microbatches <- tf$cast(batch_size, tf$int32)
learning_rate <- 0.01

optimizer <- priv$DPAdamGaussianOptimizer(
  l2_norm_clip = l2_norm_clip,
  noise_multiplier = noise_multiplier,
  num_microbatches = num_microbatches,
  learning_rate = learning_rate
)

```

> One other change to make for DP. As gradients are clipped on a per-sample basis, the optimizer needs to work with per-sample losses as well: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one other change to make for DP. As gradients are clipped on a per-sample basis, the optimizer needs to work with per-sample losses as well: 
```

Reviewer: That first sentence was a fragment, the other way to go would be to use the original wording and end it with a colon. But, given the following sentence ends with a colon, I think it's easier to turn that first line into a sentence of its own.

Author: Hm, we had the same situation in the last post... Is it too informal (I know I'm always on the verge ;-)) or is just totally uncommon in English?

```{r, eval=TRUE, echo=FALSE, layout="l-body-outset", fig.cap = "Training history with differential privacy."}
knitr::include_graphics("images/dp.png")
```

In addition to the above-mentioned command line script, we can also compute $\epsilon$ as part of the training code. Let's double check:

```{r}
# probability of an individual training point being included in a minibatch
sampling_probability <- batch_size / n_train

# number of steps the optimizer takes over the training data
steps <- num_epochs * n_train / batch_size

# required for reasons related to how TF Privacy computes privacy
# this actually is Renyi Differential Privacy: https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.07476
# we don't go into details here and use same values as the command line script
orders <- c((1 + (1:99)/10), 12:63)

rdp <- priv$privacy$analysis$rdp_accountant$compute_rdp(
  q = sampling_probability,
  noise_multiplier = noise_multiplier,
  steps = steps,
  orders = orders)

priv$privacy$analysis$rdp_accountant$get_privacy_spent(
  orders, rdp, target_delta = 1e-6)[[1]]

```

```
[1] 4.249645
```

> So, we do get the same result. This was a long post; let's wrap up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, we do get the same result.
```

Reviewer: I like having that conclusion on its own, since it's quite a journey to get there. I think the `## Conclusion` header is sufficient for signalling that you're wrapping up. 😸

Author: ooooooh yeah... among every thing else, these are the kinds of comments I love your reviews for :-))) (take out the fill words / fill phrases or however that's called ... the no-information stuff.)
